ru/quest/lect3/appmanager/ContactHelper.java
 ru.quest.lect3.appmanager.ContactHelper
ru/quest/lect3/tests/GroupCreationTests.java
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.GroupCreationTests
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.GroupCreationTests$1
ru/quest/lect3/tests/HbConnectionTest.java
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.HbConnectionTest
ru/quest/lect3/tests/DeleteGroup.java
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.DeleteGroup
ru/quest/lect3/appmanager/HelperBase.java
 ru.quest.lect3.appmanager.HelperBase
ru/quest/lect3/model/Groups.java
 ru.quest.lect3.model.Groups
ru/quest/lect3/generators/GroupDataGenerator.java
 ru.quest.lect3.generators.GroupDataGenerator
ru/quest/lect3/tests/ContactPhoneTests.java
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.ContactPhoneTests
ru/quest/lect3/appmanager/NavigationHelper.java
 ru.quest.lect3.appmanager.NavigationHelper
ru/quest/lect3/appmanager/DbHelper.java
 ru.quest.lect3.appmanager.DbHelper
ru/quest/lect3/model/ContactData.java
 ru.quest.lect3.model.ContactData
ru/quest/lect3/tests/ContactAddToGroupTests.java
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.ContactAddToGroupTests
ru/quest/lect3/tests/ContactCreationTests.java
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.ContactCreationTests
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.ContactCreationTests$1
ru/quest/lect3/tests/DeleteGroupFromContactTest.java
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.DeleteGroupFromContactTest
ru/quest/lect3/appmanager/ApplicationManager.java
 ru.quest.lect3.appmanager.ApplicationManager
ru/quest/lect3/tests/DeleteContact.java
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.DeleteContact
ru/quest/lect3/tests/DbConnectionTest.java
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.DbConnectionTest
ru/quest/lect3/tests/GroupModificationTests.java
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.GroupModificationTests
ru/quest/lect3/generators/ContactDataGenerator.java
 ru.quest.lect3.generators.ContactDataGenerator
ru/quest/lect3/appmanager/GroupHelper.java
 ru.quest.lect3.appmanager.GroupHelper
ru/quest/lect3/model/Contacts.java
 ru.quest.lect3.model.Contacts
ru/quest/lect3/model/GroupData.java
 ru.quest.lect3.model.GroupData
ru/quest/lect3/appmanager/SessionHelper.java
 ru.quest.lect3.appmanager.SessionHelper
ru/quest/lect3/tests/ModificationContact.java
 ru.quest.lect3.tests.ModificationContact
ru/quest/lect3/appmanager/TestBase.java
 ru.quest.lect3.appmanager.TestBase
